 The importance of nature in our life. The natural environment is breathtaking to everyone. It is the foundation of our economy, culture, and perhaps our basic survival. The food we eat, the air we breathe, and the water we use to irrigate our crops, come from our forests, rivers, seas and soils. We also rely on a diversity of natural assets and services, essential to our health and well-being. It's easy to believe that nature will always be there for us. However, birds like starlings and house sparrows have plummeted to the point that they are now classified as endangered. The state of nature report finds that the natural world is in decline. The half of our wild species of plants, insects, birds and mammals are in decline. Even our most iconic animal the lion, is classed as vulnerable. And we have lost over a third of all wild tigers and elephants, since we started counting them. But before we continue, let's not forget to support our channel by leaving a like right now and smashing the subscribe button. Enjoy! 7 out of 10 people, admit to being disconnected from nature. Additionally, more than a third of parents, admit to being unable to teach their children about nature and animals. We are becoming more disconnected from nature, due to the pressures of daily life. Even though nature is available to us in various forms, nature, like love, is all around us, and it's free. Any interaction with nature is related to improving the health of children and adults, reducing stress, improving mood and reducing obesity. The value of nature Every day, nature works wonders for us. From ensuring that we have healthy air, clean water, and plenty of food, to providing breathtaking views and preventing floods. How easy we forget that without good soils and various plants, and animal species doing their job, our lives would be rougher and poorer. Trees in cities keep us cool in the summer, and trap pollution in the air. Bees pollinate our crops, ensuring that food is available on our tables and in our stomachs. When the Reviled Wasp has been used to manage aphids. Beyond our boundaries, tropical forests regulate global temperatures, and support a diversity of wild species, ranging from berries used in medicines to gorillas and other primates. Nonetheless, our forests are being destroyed, for the purposes of lumbering, mining and cattle grazing. Mangroves absorb storm surges, and protect the young fishes from the bigger fishes, until they are old enough to go into open rivers. Meanwhile, as a result of coastal development, mangroves are being destroyed. Healthy seas and oceans, peat the earth at a constant temperature. However, we are reducing their capacity to do so, by causing them to become acidic, due to our inefficient energy policies, and by eliminating species as we over exploit the oceans, for short term profit. We're actively removing sharks, tuner, and other top predators from the oceans, allowing squid and jellyfish to fill their void in the food chain. In less than a century, this is disturbing millions of years of natural equilibrium. Nature is the most significant thing in the world to us. We take it for granted, and overexploited. Yet, if we stop taking care of it, there will be nothing left to enjoy. We clear forests, we overfish oceans, and we pollute rivers and streams with pesticides and fertilizers. All of this is making nature weaker and weaker, so that it can't fight back, against all of the things that threaten it. Nature change, deforestation, and other human activity can affect organisms that share our planet. When we harm wildlife, we also harm ourselves. But how many people think about this? How many people realize that their actions have such an impact on nature? I'm not sure how many people know that their actions add up to such a huge problem. We must examine the value of nature, in both economic and social terms, to fully grasp the full repercussions of our actions. We must consider the long-term advantages for people, the economy, and of course, nature itself, rather than making judgments primarily on short-term financial interests. We're encouraging governments and corporations, to take better care of the natural environment, so that it can continue to sustain us all in the future.
